update: highlight WASI flag not needed depending on Node version (#131)
superfaceai/docs: docs/introduction/getting-started.mdx

### Test and confirm

> It's time to run your app! Because the Superface OneSDK is built with Wasm, it requires that you pass the `--experimental-wasi-unstable-preview1` flag when running Node.js version < `18.17.0`.

Reviewer: Change itself is fine, but the flag is needed, because we are using [WASI](https://wasi.dev) for WebAssembly.

```suggestion
It's time to run your app! Because the Superface OneSDK is built with WebAssembly and uses WASI, it requires that you pass the `--experimental-wasi-unstable-preview1` flag when running Node.js version < `18.17.0`.
```
